[operator] Add go instrumentation section (#3206)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/kubernetes/operator/automatic.md

[See the Python Agent Configuration docs for more details.](/docs/instrumentation/python/automatic/agent-config/#disabling-specific-instrumentations)

### Go

> The following command will create a basic Instrumentation resource that is
> configured specifically for instrumenting Go services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command creates a basic Instrumentation resource that is
configured specifically for instrumenting Go services.
```
